Network tutorial
----------------

1. THE CEREBELLAR CORTEX NETWORK

2. MODELING THE CEREBELLAR CORTEX NETWORK

A good general introduction of the model can be found at
http://www.bbf.uia.ac.be/publications/TNB_pub9.shtml, and many other of our
publications about this model are also available. A general overview of
the model scripts can be found at http://www.bbf.uia.ac.be/models/PM9.shtml

All cells are represented with compartmental models. The granule cell model
is based on a 13 compartment model from Gabbiani (Gabbiani et al. ??), which
was collapsed into a single compartment.

Golgi cell

3. THE INTERFACE

When the simulation is first run, two windows pop up : the first 
window contains a picture of a typical Purkinje cell with on the right 
buttons for options on the graphical output. Beneath the window with the 
Purkinje cell is a control panel to do several types of experiments.


a. The control panel

The buttons in the Simulation control panel fall apart in three categories :

  1. Buttons for Simulation control: standard GENESIS simulation control

    RESET  
	Resets the simulation and clears the graphical output 
	(unless in overlay mode, see below).

    RUN  
	Initiates the simulation and performs a simulation run for the
        time as given in the time dialog.

    STOP 
	Stops the current simulation (if any)

    QUIT  
	Quits the simulation (and GENESIS).

    Time  (default : 500 msec)
	Sets the total time in milliseconds to be simulated during one
	run (after clicking the 'RUN' button).

    Output rate  (default : 10)
	Sets the output rate for the graphical output relative to the 
	simulation time step (which is 0.020 millisec).  The default 
	rate of 10 means that only once every 10 steps the Purkinje 
        cell picture is updated.

    Simulation time
	Displays the current simulation time in seconds as the 
	simulation progresses.  

    Input panel
	Opens the input panel (mean mossy fiber firing rate), see below.

    Network configuration
	Opens network configuration window, see below.


b. Network configuration

c. Input panel

d. Output panel

There are different types of output windows : a window with the granule and 
Golgi cells - represented by boxes with changing colors/size, a window with
A window with mossy fibers and some windows to plot various types of outputs
generated by the network.


